I watched the last stone leave my hand, gracing the water with a simple dive, free of confusion. My love long past deserved contemplation never concentration.  
“Am I cable of rest”  
Knowing well sleeping at the time were sinful  
“Maybe a break will do us well”  
knowing my heart had fallen ill and her Rhythm  
dragged me down past the waves   
My hand tight   
Just to crash. She muted her symbol

The path was wide enough to fit four men,  
Ten of my size.  
Yet  
those dimples took their place,  
blurred lines   
and space   
became indivisible.   
bloodshot she held face   
“Let her be mine and i'll be alright, simple”   
but my sound ached for a living   
My mind like her body  
Would sway and shake   
thighs wide ,shut, and me stuck in the middle.  
Our steps closed only on the fifth  
Her eyes bounced around this inlet  
managed to catch me adrift.  
***I had ne’er seen anyone walk like that***   
***, neither drunk nor sober.***  
eyes that told tales long and shroud  
I watched her spin   
rotate her lips  
“WHERE to rockerboy” she passed  
and i failed to keep on going  
Stuck like a dog to her hip.  
I tried to give her a bit   
“Here and there, honestly all around”,  
“Oh up and down, stuck in town”   
I let it slip   
The sort of laughter that made your soul   
feel a chip, how much of her  
Was this?   
Say, if we worked together   
I would wonder why people didn't tip.

“You play?” my heart just finished a clip  
Beating like bongos, my music, our type of shit.  
She said “Let me tell you this,  
You sound like rain  
 in the okavango  
passionate and sick”  
“I don't know much about those plains, but   
I admire your riff  
To me the words you lift   
Are too sweet to be leftover   
Rain comes some days  
But you, the Heat   
reign all over”   
A queen if i ever met one   
A scene if i ever set one  
Novel, Some reading i'll never get  
Done.
